Paul Kummer
CSIS 311
12/14/20
Module 5: Assignment 5a
Time to completion:  More time than all of the other assignments combined
	I've worked on it for about two weeks.

[Work Log]
I lost track, approximatly two weeks every day. Some days, most of the day.

[Assignment Summary]
I learned that I should have chosen an easier project. I thought it may be a little ambitious,
but I've managed to get through all the problems up until this project. Now I'm out of time and
must leave it unfinished. I created a working version, but it does not include all the features I wanted,
so it is essentially a different game. 

I learned how to turn SVGs into clickable buttons on a form that can pass data; how to use OOP in php;
how to manipulate more things with CSS; and most importantly, before writing any code, plan out how
to make the code. I should have worked on pieces of this code individually and got them working before
implementing new portions of code. The way I went about this caused me to write code in different places
that can do similar/exact things of other code. This caused excessive code, and some of it was just patching
code that should have been written differently. I think this project gave me a valuable lesson on failure.

Despite having to remove about half of my code and simplifying it down to its basic roots, it is a playable
game that is kind of fun. I found most of my problems, in the process of removing a lot of code, but at this
point it will take too much time to reimplement the special features

Three major problems that were causing the program to fail were
1) I had a terenary statement assigning the opposite value than what I wanted
2) I was passing a string into a function that required a variable to be passed by reference
3) I spelt $_SESSSION instead of $_SESSION

There were many other errors that were coded and removed throughout the process of discovering the major errors.
I used the database to log the code as it was executing to pinpoint the causes of failure.


*bugs, I did have the computer player showing me one of their cards once, and I'm not sure how that happend
	since every card the computer takes in their hand has a method called hideCard() executed on that card.